# Kick Off 04/12/2024

## Attendance -- Zoom Meeting 8:00 PM
- Jason
- Andrew
- Drew
- Lance 
- Brendon
- Charlie
- Girma
- Kris
- Jesus

Not present in Online meeting : 
- Henry
- Paul
  
## 


Agenda:

- Finalizing the name of the team
- Finalizing brand logo
- Team structuring, discussing pairs and how they would work
- Meeting days (Thursday night for the standup meeting with TA and Friday night team meeting)
- Mentioned that roles are TBD
- Some questions about note-taking
- Format of how we want to take notes, scribe position, or rotation. (TBD) Propositions to ideas are open
- Emphasized that meetings will be more like weekly project debriefs.
- Drew introduced an idea to kick off the meeting where someone would mention a victory they had, academic or nonacademic.
- Currently, meetings are impromptu and nonformal, but the plan is to refine and plan the meeting structure as the project instructions roll out.

## Meeting Notes

### Finalizing Team Name and Brand
Quickly discussed that the team name and brand going forward was going to be Shelldivers, the logo is inside General Channel in Slack.

### Team Structuring
Currently, ideas of pair development are being discussed, support or opposition to this idea is appreciated. Further ideas about pair development were also discussed in regard to how the pairs would be selected, how each pair would be logistically handled, etc, again all ideas here are not final and are still adjustable as the project is rolled out.

### Meeting Days
As discussed in the meeting the plan is to have a second meeting besides the weekly one with the TA, on Friday night, and have the one with the TA on Thursday right after class. Please post support or opposition to this idea in Slack.

### Team Roles
As discussed in the meeting the current plan is not to assign team roles yet until the project has been revealed and discussed. Once the project is out, team leaders will effectively assign roles to teammates.

### Questions about note-taking; format of certain topics
Lance asked if anyone was needed to be the designated note-taker for meetings. Group leaders decided to wait until more information about the project was given.
The format of note-taking, scribing positions, and rotations will, again, wait until the project instructions are given.

### Weekly Project Debriefs
Team leaders emphasized the importance of openness and communication. We want everyone to view these meetings as more of a "discussion" as opposed to a team leader-driven meeting.

### Starting off each meeting correctly
Drew introduced an idea where each meeting would begin with any group member volunteering to share a victory they had this week. This encourages celebration and team unity, as the team will continue to support one another.



## What is Required from everybody

- ***Fun Fact Video Introduction Clip***
- ***Introduction text for team page, check announcements in Slack***
- ***Think about the idea proposed in today's meeting***

## Meeting end time 8:50 PM

## Final Remarks

To conclude the kickoff, group leaders explained that meetings are impromptu and nonformal until further instructions are given. 

Team Shelldivers will be a remarkable, cohesive team. 
