# Meeting 3 04/26/2024

## Attendance -- Zoom Meeting 5:00 PM
- Jason
- Andrew
- Girma
- Paul
- Charlie
- Kris
- Lance
- Henry
- Drew

Not present: 
- Jesus
- Brendon

---

## Agenda:
- discuss pairs (creating them)
- finalizing roles
- discuss progress (what they liked, what they disliked)
  - get general consensus of how the teamwork went (for SWOT)
- final thoughts and questions

**FOR ALL:**
[Learn JSON](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/JSON)
[Working with JSON](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Objects/JSON)

---

## Meeting Notes:

### Discussing Pairs
- **idea:** timesheet (schedules should align), similar schedule, minimize any time conflicts
- **TRIO:**
- group 1: Kris, Charlie (adjustable for pair)
- group 2: Henry, Jason, Brendon (M, T-Th)
- group 3: Girma, Andrew, Lance (MWF)
- group 4: Drew, Jesus, Paul (MW)
  
*Note:* if anyone has any issues, don't hesitate to DM Andrew or Jason, so any problems can be resolved ASAP.

### Roles
- We need **either** front OR back end, **NOT** both
- Front end: groups 1, 4
- Back end: groups 2, 3

*Note:* If **anyone** has any trouble, don't be afraid to DM Andrew for help (he has good webdev experience)

### Discuss Progress
- Lance: Felt didn't contribute much, needed to do js lab first to learn js. Time was limiting factor. Other than technical things, communication within team seems strong.
- Charlie: Weak in CSS, not strong in design. Comfortable in HTML
- Drew: Strong in design. Team lead (Jason) is encouraging. Comfortable getting 'hands dirty'. Has overview of how everything is connected. Opportunity & Threat: Issues and PR's
- Kris: still figuring out CSS (both strength & weakness)
- Girma: js was confusing, time was limiting factor
- Paul: weakness is time
- Henry: strength in design process (has a good eye for small details), still iffy on html, css
- Andrew: html, css, js is Strength, Weakness is leading - wants the team to get going, while maintaining fairness
- Jason: weakness is html, css, js. More comfortable with git. Good leading skills.

*Majority:* Seems like css and js is weak

---

## Final Thoughts & Questions:
- **TO-DO:** 
  - Brainstorm for work journal!
  - Contribute to MIRO board, feel free to add onto someone else's ideas
  - research other work journals, any repos, etc.
  - reply to Drew's threads/ideas in `#drafts` channel on Slack