# Meeting 4 - 05/3/2024

## Attendance -- Zoom Meeting 8:00 PM
- Jason
- Drew
- Brendon
- Girma
- Jesus
- Kris
- Charlie
- Lance

Not present: 
- Andrew
- Henry
- Paul

---

## Agenda:
- Finalize Design & Prepare for Pitch
- Plans Going Forward

---

## Meeting Notes:

### Finalizing Design & Preparing for Pitch:
- Design team to give our pitch on **Tuesday (5/7) after class**
  - Keep trying to give thoughts & feedback
  - Read the docs & try to fully understand our project design
  - Try to add User Stories in [MIRO board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVKOyTpVY=/#tpicker-content)

### Plans Going Forward:
- Implement feature of easily changing month & year for calendar (maybe Andrew, Girma, Lance team?)
- Start to think about how interactions work
- BACKEND: Start to think about the architecture for our project
- Start to make issues for what we need to do

---

## Final Thoughts & Questions:
- **FOR ALL:**
- Look into [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) & [JSDoc](https://jsdoc.app/)